hey Pam dinner here if you are marketer
supporting sales this book is for you
like you I was a marketer supporting the
sales for a long period of time and I
know how challenging it is to actually
support sales nothing against all the
sales managers and professionals out
there I know how tough your jobs are
with the rise of digital many marketing
elements can be used to a seller a sales
conversion or use as part of a sales
negotiation one of the examples that
I've use in my book is called marketing
with your customers or your vendors Kol
marketing is really two or more
companies working together to deliver
value for themselves and their customers
so if you and your customers are going
after similar accounts why not taking
together is a better approach work
together using different marketing
element to co-create content to deliver
joint messaging or even attend each
other's events using those marketing
elements to broaden your prospect
outreach beyond just delivering
qualified leads I know this type of
effort takes a lot of time and effort to
do it right but anything worthwhile
takes time and effort anyway so if you
are marketers this ebooks will provide
you additional ideas in terms of what
you can do to better support your sales
team if you are salesperson sales up or
sales enablement managers this book will
give you some ideas in terms of what
marketing elements that you can use or
how to carry productive conversations
with your marketing team so check out
the book on amazon.com if you have any
questions or you want to find out a
little bit more about the book you can
download a free chapter or chapter
outline on the books page of the p.m.
dinner calm okay I know all of you are
working very very hard keep hustling my
friends hash tag you rock